Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to store all our details in the Cloud Store database, but before then,
we're going to create an account in order to be sure of what we did in the previous lecture.
But before we create an account, make sure you call in the function in the right place.
Before I take a call.
It is over the signup.
You can see we have to sign up.
One is this and the other is for create a seller's account.
So make sure you call in the function in this first sign up.
That is for this.
Okay.
So now what we can do is we can open a new seminar.
And.
At sports.
And you can click on this.
Sign up.
It's going to print.
Please fill.
Must not be empty.
Okay.
Now let's try to create an account.
Full name.
The full name is going to be my colleague.
Macaulay Famous and the email address is going to be my colleague.
Famous at Gmail that's come.
And the password is going to be a M.C. We're just going to click on this to make sure it's correct and
we're going to click on Sign Up.
And you can see something is going on over here.
Account has been created.
So all we can do.
Navigate to the.
I think over here we can just get to this and then go back to users and you're going see the create
created user or via.
My kids think I've been beaten beat network issues but.
You're going to see the user.
You can see over here we have the email address.
My colleague, famous and the provider is email and password and it was created at Jill Juicery July
nine, 2022.
And whenever a user has been created, a UID is automatically going to be generated for that user.
And that is what we have over here.
So now you can see we don't have the full name.
So what we can do is within the cloud store or the file store database, we can store all our details
and the structure is going to be like this.
We are going to have a collection called Users or we are going to have a folder called Users.
So you can see this collection as a folder or where all our documents or users are going to be stored.
Okay.
So we just have a collection called Users, so click on this and each user is going to be connected
to that folder called users or each users is going to be connected to this collection.
Based on something known as UID or ID, we can create it or we can also generate it by clicking on this.
And each user is going to have the full name, the full name field and you can see this is going to
be a test.
So it is a type of string.
If it were to be a number we can specify it's going to be a number, but this is a test.
So the name can be marked and the user can have an email.
Field, which is a test so we can say.
Mark, that's Gmail.
That's com.
You can click on Save.
And you're going to see it shortly.
You can see over here, this is the user code, Mac.
And you can see the link between this user and this folder or collection is this.
So like I told you, which is going to be connected to this user's collection based on something known
as UID.
Okay.
So for now we just have one document or we just have one user so we can have another user or other documents.
So we can also generate that and the full name.
It's going to be, John.
And.
The email is going to be Jon at gmail dot com.
Okay.
So we have to document now or we have to use this or we have to files inside this collection or inside
this directory.
So you can see this as a directory or a collection where all our files or documents are going to be
stored.
And for now, we have just two documents.
Okay.
But we are not going to be creating this manually, right?
We're going to be creating it immediately.
A user is being created.
Okay.
So in order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VTS code.
So for that and we can just close this and.
And this we can then go to the controller.
Okay.
Now we're going to be using the package which we had earlier installed, which is called the Cloud File
Store, which we have over via the cloud store.
So we are going to need to import this package.
Head back to the controller class and now we can use controller and B to make this wide.
And over here we can as well create a final variable and we can just go ahead and specify the type of
variable it is a type of firebase.
Faster and we can call this dribble on the score faster.
It's going to be equal to five base fire star dot esters.
Okay.
If for any reason it does not get imported, you can just alight in this contract dot.
Okay, so now what we can do, you can see over here.
So for that over here.
We are simply saying if these fields are not empty, then we want to create the user.
So what we can do is we can store the results or the value in, say, a variable.
So over here we can store the results variable called create.
That is the short form of credential because this variable is going to have access to all the user data.
So you can say it's equal to and it wants us to specify the type of variable it is, a type of something
known as user.
User.
Creed.
Okay, great.
So this creed has this creed has access to all the user values such as the.
The UID of the user.
The email sword oc.
So now all we can do is after creating the user, we are going to need to store all the data in the
Cloud Store database.
So to do that, it's going to take some time.
So as well, we need to wait for this wait.
And now we can call that on the score.
Fire.
Store collection.
And the first step we did was to create a user's collection.
Right.
So this is going to be use this.
And now, like I told you, each user is referred to as a document.
So we're going to need to say dot doc.
And like I said, each is going to be connected to something known as UID.
So what we can do is over here, we can then say create.
Creed.
Dots, user dots.
UID So I basically have access to this user.
UID And we are using this for the user.
And we can add in our check over here.
And now we can then say dots sets.
This is going to be a map.
A mop is basically something that has a property name and a property value in JavaScript.
This is referred to as objects and I think in Python this is referred to as a dictionary.
So now we're going to need to store the full name.
You can say full name.
It's going to be a full name.
That is just for them.
Okay.
And we also need the email address.
Email.
Now we're not going to be saving the password because it's going to be a secret between the user and
our mobile application.
So this is basically all we need.
So what we can do is we can give this a how to start.
And while it is also stated it can delete those to this user we have or via.
Sorry.
Click on this.
And delete.
Accounts OC delete.
Okay.
Waiting for you to get deleted.
They did it, said my colleague Jim Club.
And we can check to make still.
But you can just go ahead and try us.
After I created an account, you're going to see the user over here.
And you're going to see the user over here as well.
So we can as well delete this collection.
So click on this.
And you're going to see this collection and we're going to delete the collection card.
Users.
Okay, delete.
Okay.
Since we don't have it, it's going to automatically create it.
You can see over via.
It's going to create.
I just have to wait.
I think it's taking longer than expected.
But you can just go ahead and create an account.
While I wait for for mine.
It's going to get rid of this.
Get rid of this.
And.
I think it's still loading.
Och or.
Okay.
OC OC starred.
It's going to be hard to start this app now.
And.
Or we start out.
We start.
Okay.
Do you use a name?
The full name is going to be.
My Holly.
Sorry for the delay.
And this is going to be my colleague.
Famous email that's come and the password is going to be b e e j y c and you can click on sign up.
It's going to take some time.
That was why we have to wait for it.
Okay.
You see what is going on there?
Because I think something is going on here.
Okay.
Or probably I'm just going to do this behind the scene because I'm having a bad let's work.
We're just going to continue from the next lecture, but after you create an account, you're going
to see it over.
You're going to see it over here.
You can just go to this page and go back to this or just to start this.
Then you're going to see the user over here.
You're going to see the user over.
Over here as well.
Okay.
Always if it is or not.
Like I said, this obtained.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you to this lecture.